docs(portal): update the portal deployment docs (#228)
MystenLabs/walrus-docs: docs/walrus-sites/portal.md

The stable branch of Walrus Sites is `testnet`.
```

## Configuring the portal

> There are two main configurations for the portal: The `constants.ts` file and the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main locations where the portal needs to be configured: The `constants.ts` file and the environment
```

variables.

You can find the `constants.ts` file in the `portal/common/lib` directory. It holds key
configuration parameters for the portal. Typically, you won't need to modify these, but if you do,
here are the explanations for each parameter:

- `NETWORK`: The Sui network to be used for fetching the Walrus Sites objects. Currently, we
  use Sui `testnet`.
- `AGGREGATOR`: The URL of the [aggregator](../usage/web-api.md) from which the portal will
  fetch the Walrus blobs.
- `SITE_PACKAGE`: The Sui object ID of the Walrus Sites package.
- `MAX_REDIRECT_DEPTH`: The number of [redirects](./redirects.md) the portal will follow
  before stopping.

> - `SITE_NAMES`: Hard coded `name: objectID` mappings, to override the SuiNS names. For development

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
Maybe add "use this at your own risk, may render some sites with legitimate suins names unusable"?

  only.

Next, the environment variables are set in the `.env.local`. To just run a simple instance of the

> portal, you can just use the environment variables specified in the `.env.example` file.

Reviewer: Suggestion: list here what the variables are and what the main ones do?

Author: For now I would avoid doing this since the environment variables get updated frequently, and we would have to update 2 places each time (doc + code). We might add this as soon as we have a stable version.
